Added OOT tutorials (#95)
ArchipelagoMW/Archipelago: WebHostLib/static/assets/tutorial/zeldaOOT/zeldaOOT_en.md

# Setup Guide for Ocarina of time Archipelago

## Important

As we are using Z5Client and Bizhawk, this guide is only applicable to Windows.

> ## Required Software Requerido

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Required Software
```

- [bizhawk+script+Z5Client](https://github.com/ArchipelagoMW/Z5Client/releases) We recommend download Z5Client-setup as it makes some steps automatic.

## Install Emulator and client

> Download getBizhawk.ps1 from previous link. Place it on the folder where you want your emulator to be installed, right click on it and select "Run with PowerShell". This will download all the needed dependencies used by the emulator. Can take a while.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download getBizhawk.ps1 from previous link. Place it on the folder where you want your emulator to be installed, right click on it and select "Run with PowerShell". This will download all the needed dependencies used by the emulator. This can take a while.
```

> It's strongly recommended to associate N64 rom extension (\*.n64) to the Bizhawk we've just installed. To do so, we simple have to search any N64 we happened to own, right click and select "Open with...", we unfold the list that appears and select the bottom option "Look for another application", we browse to Bizhawk folder and select EmuHawk.exe

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is strongly recommended to associate N64 rom extension (\*.n64) to the Bizhawk we've just installed. To do so, we simple have to search any N64 rom we happened to own, right click and select "Open with...", we unfold the list that appears and select the bottom option "Look for another application", we browse to Bizhawk folder and select EmuHawk.exe
```

Contractions are generally avoided in technical documentation.

    minimal: 0
  junk_ice_traps: # Adds ice traps to the item pool.
    off: 0
    normal: 50
    on: 0
    mayhem: 0
    onslaught: 0
  ice_trap_appearance: # Changes the appearance of ice traps as freestanding items.
    major_only: 50
    junk_only: 0
    anything: 0
  logic_earliest_adult_trade: # Earliest item that can appear in the adult trade sequence.
    pocket_egg: 0
    pocket_cucco: 0
    cojiro: 0
    odd_mushroom: 0
    poachers_saw: 0
    broken_sword: 0
    prescription: 50
    eyeball_frog: 0
    eyedrops: 0
    claim_check: 0
  logic_latest_adult_trade: # Latest item that can appear in the adult trade sequence.
    pocket_egg: 0
    pocket_cucco: 0
    cojiro: 0
    odd_mushroom: 0
    poachers_saw: 0
    broken_sword: 0
    prescription: 0
    eyeball_frog: 0
    eyedrops: 0
    claim_check: 50

```

## Joining a MultiWorld Game

### Obtain your OOT patch file

When you join a multiworld game, you will be asked to provide your YAML file to whoever is hosting. Once that
is done, the host will provide you with either a link to download your data file, or with a zip file containing
everyone's data files. Your data file should have a `.z5ap` extension.

> Double click on your `.z5ap` file to start Z5Client and start the ROM patch process. Once the process is finished (this can take a while), emulator will be started automatically (If we associated the extension to the emulator like we already recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Double click on your `.z5ap` file to start Z5Client and start the ROM patch process. Once the process is finished (this can take a while), the emulator will be started automatically (If we associated the extension to the emulator as recommended)
```

### Connect to multiserver

> Once both Z5Client and emulator are started we must connect them, to do so we just simply click on the "Tools" menu and select "Lua console". On the new window, click on the folder icon and look for the ootMulti.lua file. Once the file is loaded it will conect automatically to Z5Client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once both the Z5Client and the emulator are started we must connect them. Within the emulator we click on the "Tools" menu and select "Lua console". In the new window click on the folder icon and look for the ootMulti.lua file. Once the file is loaded it will connect automatically to Z5Client.
```

Note: We strongly advise you don't open any emulator menu while it and Z5client are connected, as the script will halt and disconnects can happen. If you get disconnected just double click on the script again.

> To connect the client to the multiserver simply put address:port on the textfield on top and press enter (if the server uses password, type on the bottom textfield /connect address:puerto contraseña, to connect) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect the client to the multiserver simply put address:port on the textfield on top and press enter (if the server uses password, type on the bottom textfield /connect <address>:<port> [password], to connect) 
```

> And you are ready to start your adventure in Hyrule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now you are ready to start your adventure in Hyrule.
```

Avoid starting sentences with and, esp. if it's the last sentence so as to not imply more.
